# HOT-{{cookiecutter.cruise_number}} CTD Data Processing Report

Post-cruise processing of CTD data from the {{ cruise_date_start.strftime('%Y-%m-%d) }}

[//]: # (December 2nd to December 7th, 2021, HOT-334 cruise of the )

[//]: # (Hawaii Ocean Time series.)

## SUMMARY 

[//]: # (The HOT-334 was conducted aboard the R/V Kilo Moana &#40;KM&#41; the December 2nd  to December 7th, 2021. Thirteen casts )

[//]: # (were deployed from starboard using the Rochester 0.322" EM wire with the Hawboldt Launch and Recovery System &#40;LARS&#41; )

[//]: # (and heave compensation. Both HOT PO and Pierre Flament’s CTD displayed communication problems during the first cast )

[//]: # (at Kahe Point and was not used during HOT-334 &#40;See HOT-334 CTD Hardware Report for more details&#41;. The group decided )

[//]: # (to switch the current CTD to OTG's fish, deck box unit, sensors, and computer for the rest of the cruise.)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (Figure 1-1 shows all the Stations and casts completed during the HOT-334 cruise. One CTD cast was conducted at Kahe )

[//]: # (Point &#40;Station-1, Cast 3&#41; to 1020 dbar. Eleven CTD casts were conducted at Station ALOHA &#40;Station-2&#41;, and one near )

[//]: # (the WHOTS-17 mooring &#40;S50C1&#41;. Due to rough conditions, only one deep cast was accomplished during HOT-334. Cast two )

[//]: # (was a near bottom deep cast down to 4802 dbar, with the altimeter reading about 12 meters off the bottom. )

[//]: # (All the other casts had a maximum depth of 1020 dbar, including S50C1. The near bottom CTD cast at Station Kaena )

[//]: # (was also cancelled due to the bad weather during HOT-334. )

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (Winds measured at the WHOTS-17 buoy near Station ALOHA were about 5-20 knots from the SE initially swinging to N-NW by)

[//]: # (the end of the cruise. The meteorological system from R/V Kilo Moana  displayed wind measurements of 20-30 knots with )

[//]: # (10-12 ft swells, causing a cruise delay. )
